Improved README (#12)
vtex-apps/product-price: docs/README.md

-<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

First of all (even before the block's name), its README.md should contain the following sentence at the very beginning:

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/productPrice) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

# Product Price

Product Price app is responsible for exporting blocks related to the product's price, such as list price, selling price and savings.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8443580/77692675-d5694180-6f85-11ea-8690-49db5be24b3d.png)

## Configuration

### Step 1 - Adding the Product Price app to your theme's dependencies
In your theme's `manifest.json`, add the Search Result app as a dependency:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

> dependencies: {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"dependencies": {
```

| `SellingPriceRange` | The selling price range of the product. | 

ℹ️ These blocks need the product context to work correctly, so be sure that you are putting them where this context is available!

### Step 2 - Adding the Product Price to page templates

To add the blocks of this app in your theme, you just need to add them as children in the desired block. For example:
```
"product-summary.shelf": {
  "children": [
    "product-list-price",
    "product-selling-price",
    "product-price-savings",
    "product-installments"
  ]
},
```

Every block in this app has some props in common:

| Block name          | Type      |  Description | Default value |
| --------------------| ----------|--------------|---------------|
| `markers`           |`string[]` |Custom markers used to customize parts of the message on siteeditor|`[]`|
|  `blockClass`  |  `String`  |  Unique  block  ID  to  be  used  in [CSS  customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization#using-the-blockclass-property)  |  `undefined`  |

Example  of usage:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example  of usage:

```json
```

"product-price-savings#summary": {
  "props": {
    "markers": [
      "discount"
    ],
    "blockClass": "summary"
  }
},
```

> ### Step 3 - Editing the values on Site Editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Step 3 - Editing the values on Site Editor
```

Every Product Price message uses the [ICU Message Format](https://format-message.github.io/icu-message-format-for-translators/), which means you can interpolate values and apply some conditions to the message. This makes it possible to fully edit the prices' messages. Every block has its values that can be interpolated in the message and you can check them out in the description of the field on site-editor:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8443580/77782384-f6896b00-7035-11ea-8808-fb2a5533d1a6.png)

Another special feature these messages have are `markers`, which gives the possibility to wrap a part of the message in a `span` with its own CSS handle. To use `markers` in your message, do the following:

> 1 - Add to the prop `markers` a marker name, for example: `"markers": ["highlight"]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1 - Add to the prop `markers` a marker name, for example: `"markers": ["highlight"]`
```

4 - Save the changes
5 - If you inspect the HTML of the element you will notice that this part of the text is wrapped in a new `span` with its own unique selector: `<span class="vtex-product-price-1-x-savings-highlight">`

## Customization

To apply  CSS  customization in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on  [Using  CSS  Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

| CSS Handles |
| ----------- |
| `installments` |
| `installmentsNumber` |
| `installmentValue` |
| `installmentsTotalValue` |
| `interestRate` |
| `listPrice'` |
| `listPriceValue` |
| `listPriceRange` |
| `listPriceRangeMinValue` |
| `listPriceRangeMaxValue` |
| `listPriceRangeUniqueValue` |
| `savings` |
| `previousPriceValue` |
| `newPriceValue` |
| `savingsValue` |
| `savingsPercentage` |
| `sellingPrice` |
| `sellingPriceValue` |
| `sellingPriceRange` |
| `sellingPriceRangeMinValue` |
| `sellingPriceRangeMaxValue` |
| `sellingPriceRangeUniqueValue` |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

First of all (even before the block's name), its README.md should contain the following sentence at the very beginning:

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/productPrice) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

# Product Price

Product Price app is responsible for exporting blocks related to the product's price, such as list price, selling price and savings.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8443580/77692675-d5694180-6f85-11ea-8690-49db5be24b3d.png)

## Configuration

### Step 1 - Adding the Product Price app to your theme's dependencies

> In your theme's `manifest.json`, add the Search Result app as a dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In your theme's `manifest.json`, add the Search Result app as a dependency:
```

| Block name          |  Description |
| --------------------| -------- |
| `ListPrice`         | The product's list price. If the product's list price is the same as the selling price, this block will not be rendered. | 
| `SellingPrice`      | The product's selling price.| 
| `Installments`      | The product's installments. If there is more than one option, the one with the biggest number of installments will be displayed.| 
| `Savings`           | The product's price savings, if there is any. It can show the percentage of the discount and the value of the absolute savings. | 
| `ListPriceRange`    | The list price range of the product. It follows the same rule of the `ListPrice`, if it is the same as `SellingPriceRange`, this block is not rendered. | 
| `SellingPriceRange` | The selling price range of the product. | 

ℹ️ These blocks need the product context to work correctly, so be sure that you are putting them where this context is available!

### Step 2 - Adding the Product Price to page templates

To add the blocks of this app in your theme, you just need to add them as children in the desired block. For example:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```json
```

```json
"dependencies": {
  "vtex.product-price": "1.x"
}
```
  
Now, you can use all the blocks exported by the `product-price` app. Check out the full list below:

| Block name          |  Description |
| --------------------| -------- |
| `ListPrice`         | The product's list price. If the product's list price is the same as the selling price, this block will not be rendered. | 
| `SellingPrice`      | The product's selling price.| 
| `Installments`      | The product's installments. If there is more than one option, the one with the biggest number of installments will be displayed.| 
| `Savings`           | The product's price savings, if there is any. It can show the percentage of the discount and the value of the absolute savings. | 
| `ListPriceRange`    | The list price range of the product. It follows the same rule of the `ListPrice`, if it is the same as `SellingPriceRange`, this block is not rendered. | 
| `SellingPriceRange` | The selling price range of the product. | 

ℹ️ These blocks need the product context to work correctly, so be sure that you are putting them where this context is available!

### Step 2 - Adding the Product Price to page templates

> To add the blocks of this app in your theme, you just need to add them as children in the desired block. For example:

Author: Not necessarily on `product-summary-shelf`, you can put it anywhere the product context is available

| Block name          | Type      |  Description | Default value |
| --------------------| ----------|--------------|---------------|
| `markers`           |`string[]` |Custom markers used to customize parts of the message on siteeditor|`[]`|
|  `blockClass`  |  `String`  |  Unique  block  ID  to  be  used  in [CSS  customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization#using-the-blockclass-property)  |  `undefined`  |

Example  of usage:

```json
"product-price-savings#summary": {
  "props": {
    "markers": [
      "discount"
    ],
    "blockClass": "summary"
  }
},
```

### Step 3 - Editing the values on Site Editor

Every Product Price message uses the [ICU Message Format](https://format-message.github.io/icu-message-format-for-translators/), which means you can interpolate values and apply some conditions to the message. This makes it possible to fully edit the prices' messages. Every block has its values that can be interpolated in the message and you can check them out in the description of the field on site-editor:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8443580/77782384-f6896b00-7035-11ea-8808-fb2a5533d1a6.png)

> Another special feature these messages have are `markers`, which gives the possibility to wrap a part of the message in a `span` with its own CSS handle. To use `markers` in your message, do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of these messages has `markers` responsible for wrapping a part of the message with its own CSS handle. To use `markers` in your message, do the following:
```

1 - Add to the prop `markers` a marker name, for example: `"markers": ["highlight"]`
2 - Open the Site Editor and click to edit the block
3 - In the edition form of the block, fill the field with a text and wrap the piece of a text using the marker as if it were an element. Example: `<highlight>-{savingsPercentage}</highlight>`
4 - Save the changes

> 5 - If you inspect the HTML of the element you will notice that this part of the text is wrapped in a new `span` with its own unique selector: `<span class="vtex-product-price-1-x-savings-highlight">`

Reviewer 2: @iaronaraujo, I could not review this part because I first need to understand those Messages thing. I'll schedule a time for us to clarify this.

### Step 2 - Adding the Product Price to page templates

To add the Product Price's blocks in your theme, you just need to declare them as children of the `product-summary-shelf`, exported by the [Product Summary](https://vtex.io/docs/components/content-blocks/vtex.product-summary@2.52.3) app, or declare them in the theme's Product template (`store.product`).

Notice the following: these blocks necessarily need a Product context in order to work properly. Therefore, when declaring them as children of the `product-summary-shelf`, be sure that they are in a store template in which this context is available.

For example:

```json
"product-summary.shelf": {
  "children": [
    "product-list-price",
    "product-selling-price",
    "product-price-savings",
    "product-installments"
  ]
},
```

Every block in this app has some props in common:

| Prop name          | Type      |  Description | Default value |
| --------------------| ----------|--------------|---------------|

> | `markers`           |`string[]` | Custom markers used to customize parts of the message on Site Editor|`[]`|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `markers`    |`String` | IDs of your choosing to identify the block's exported messages and customize them using the admin's Site Editor| `undefined` |
```

> |  `blockClass`  |  `string`  |  Unique  block  ID  to  be  used  in [CSS  customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization#using-the-blockclass-property)  |  `undefined`  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  `blockClass`  |  `string`  |  Block  ID  of your choosing to  be  used  in [CSS  customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization#using-the-blockclass-property)  |  `undefined`  |
```

For example:

```json
"product-price-savings#summary": {
  "props": {
    "markers": [
      "discount"
    ],
    "blockClass": "summary"
  }
},
```

### Step 3 - Editing the values on Site Editor

Every Product Price's block uses the [ICU Message Format](https://format-message.github.io/icu-message-format-for-translators/).

> This makes it possible to fully edit the messages exported by each Product Price's block. Check it out in the admin's Site Editor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This makes it possible to fully edit the messages exported by each Product Price's block through the admin's Site Editor. 

![Product-Price-Site-Editor-gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/78073694-bdbffd80-7377-11ea-9262-40854dccdd53.gif)

Notice that you not only can edit the message text used by the block but also choose which data will be rendered according to the options stated in the field description. 

In the example above, the block was firstly displaying a `Save $224.40` message. As a final result, it now renders a `You are saving: $224.40 (37%)` thanks to the changes performed through the admin's Site Editor.

![product-price-edited-img](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/78073688-bc8ed080-7377-11ea-9a7a-53c36d9a9fe2.png)

```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8443580/77782384-f6896b00-7035-11ea-8808-fb2a5533d1a6.png)

> Each of these messages has `markers` responsible for wrapping a part of the message with its own CSS handle. To use `markers` in your message, do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 1 - Add to the prop `markers` a marker name, for example: `"markers": ["highlight"]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> 1 - Add to the prop `markers` a marker name, for example: `"markers": ["highlight"]`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Usando o seu terminal e o [VTEX IO Toolbelt](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/vtex-io-cli-installment-and-command-reference), faça login na conta VTEX desejada a partir de um workspace de desenvolvimento; 
```

2 - Open the Site Editor and click to edit the block
3 - In the edition form of the block, fill the field with a text and wrap the piece of a text using the marker as if it were an element. Example: `<highlight>-{savingsPercentage}</highlight>`
4 - Save the changes

> 5 - If you inspect the HTML of the element you will notice that this part of the text is wrapped in a new `span` with its own unique selector: `<span class="vtex-product-price-1-x-savings-highlight">`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: How to use the `Markers` prop should be a recipe. That is the reason why I deleted this from here. I will work on the recipe and as soon as it gets ready I will create a link to it in the prop table.

> 2 - Open the Site Editor and click to edit the block
> 3 - In the edition form of the block, fill the field with a text and wrap the piece of a text using the marker as if it were an element. Example: `<highlight>-{savingsPercentage}</highlight>`
> 4 - Save the changes
> 5 - If you inspect the HTML of the element you will notice that this part of the text is wrapped in a new `span` with its own unique selector: `<span class="vtex-product-price-1-x-savings-highlight">`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Access the theme directory and open it using the code editor of your choosing;
3. Using your code editor, add the `markers` prop to the block whose text messages you want to customize and define unique value for it. For example:

json
"product-price-savings#summary": {
  "props": {
    "markers": [
      "discount"
    ],
  }
},

4. Save your changes and [link the theme app](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/linking-an-app);
5. Using the developer workspace you were previously developing, access the account's admin;
6. Then, open the Site Editor section in the CMS module;
7.  Click on the block in which the `markers` prop was added to edit it;
8.  Use the `markers` prop value as a tag, wrapping the desired block message that will be customized by you. For example: `<discount>-{savingsPercentage}</discount>`
 
![markers-prop-site-editor](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/78163670-0f6f9300-741f-11ea-83a4-7122113234fb.gif)

*Once the changes performed are dully saved, the wrapped block message gains an identifier that corresponds to the prop value applied in the tag. This will allow the HTML element CSS customization*

9. Using the same development workspace, access the account's website in which you are working on (`{workspaceName}--{accountName}.myvtex.com`); 
10. Then, inspect the HTML element that corresponds to the text message just configured through the admin's Site Editor;

![product-price-markers-inspect](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/78162509-578db600-741d-11ea-9d7d-e4c74399576e.png)

*Notice that the HTML element is now wrapped in a new* `span` *with its own unique selector:* `<span class="vtex-product-price-1-x-savings-discount">`.

11. Once all changes are verified, it is time now to use a Production workspace. Repeat the steps above using a workspace in production mode. Then, [promote it to Master](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/promoting-a-workspace-to-master).
12. Done! You are now able to use the new HTML element identifier to customize the text message as desired. To know the next steps, access the [Customing your store using CSS Handles](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization) recipe.
```

Reviewer 2: Please add the ```json ``` between the code example. I could not do this  ):

-<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

First of all (even before the block's name), its README.md should contain the following sentence at the very beginning:

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/productPrice) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

> # PRODUCT PRICE

Reviewer 3: No need to shout
```suggestion
# Product Price
```

> VTEX Product Price app is responsible for exporting blocks related to the product's price, such as list price, selling price and savings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Product Price app is responsible for exporting blocks related to the product's price, such as list price, selling price and savings.
```

| `SellingPrice`      | Renders the product's selling price.| 
| `Installments`      | Renders the product's installments. If there is more than one option, the one with the biggest number of installments will be displayed.| 
| `Savings`           | Renders the product's price savings, if there is any. It can show the percentage of the discount and the value of the absolute savings. | 
| `ListPriceRange`    | Renders the list price range of the product. It follows the same rule of the `ListPrice`, if it is the same as `SellingPriceRange`, this block is not rendered. | 
| `SellingPriceRange` | Renders the selling price range of the product. | 

ℹ️ These blocks need the product context to work correctly, so be sure that you are putting them where this context is available!

### Step 2 - Adding the Product Price to page templates

To add the blocks of this app in your theme, you just need to add them as children in the desired block. For example:
```
"product-summary.shelf": {
  "children": [
	"product-list-price",
	"product-selling-price",
    "product-price-savings",
	"product-installments"
  ]

> },

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
"product-summary.shelf": {
  "children": [
    "product-list-price",
    "product-selling-price",
    "product-price-savings",
    "product-installments"
  ]
},
```

| Block name          | Type      |  Description | Default value |
| --------------------| ----------|--------------|---------------|
| `markers`           |`string[]` |Custom markers used to customize parts of the message on siteeditor|`[]`|
|  `blockClass`  |  `String`  |  Unique  block  ID  to  be  used  in [CSS  customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization#using-the-blockclass-property)  |  `undefined`  |

Example  of usage:
```
"product-price-savings#summary": {
  "props": {
    "markers": [
      "discount"
    ],
    "blockClass": "summary"
  }
},
```
### Step 3 - Editing the values on Site Editor

Every Product Price message uses the [ICU Message Format](https://format-message.github.io/icu-message-format-for-translators/), which means you can interpolate values and apply some conditions to the message. This makes it possible to fully edit the prices' messages. Every block has its values that can be interpolated in the message and you can check them out in the description of the field on site-editor:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8443580/77782384-f6896b00-7035-11ea-8808-fb2a5533d1a6.png)

> Another special feature these messages have are `markers`, which is the possibility to wrap a part of the message in a `span` with its CSS handle. To use `markers` in your message, do the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Another special feature these messages have are `markers`, which gives the possibility to wrap a part of the message in a `span` with its CSS handle. To use `markers` in your message, do the following:
```

1 - Add the desired marker to your block, such as in the example of step 2
2 - Go on site-editor and wrap the text you want in the marker as if it were an element. Example: `<discount>-{savingsPercentage}</discount>`

> 3 - Save the changes, and then you will notice that this part of the text is wrapped in a new `span` with its own unique selector: `<span class="vtex-product-price-1-x-savings-discount vtex-product-price-0-x-savings-discount--summary">`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1 - Add to the prop `markers` a marker name, for example: `"markers": ["highlight"]`
2 - Open the Site Editor and click to edit the block
3 - In the edition form of the block, fill the field with a text and wrap the piece of a text using the marker as if it were an element. Example: `<highlight>-{savingsPercentage}</highlight>`
3 - Save the changes
4- If you inspect the HTML of the element you will notice that this part of the text is wrapped in a new `span` with its own unique selector: `<span class="vtex-product-price-1-x-savings-highlight">`
```
